we create stories when we do photo
shoots so even though we're creating
this this look for our shoot today you
can do this at home as well are you an
and or Elise girl today are you a tango
balconette you know what's your mood for
the day use your character and Dora is a
lease bra but it's really smooth which
means it's great for under tight
sweaters fitted dresses and so on we
picked a miniskirt with over sweater
which we then belted it's more than and
it's retro the porcelain plunge is a
magnificent beast by all accounts I put
it with and this sort of very sort of
Frenchy lady look and this patent
leather trench this looks sort of ends
up being quite Bonnie and Clyde as well
I suppose I think a good strapless bra
is really hard to find it's like the
Holy Grail you know like the perfect
pump or the perfect white t-shirt with
the EV strap as we put this
long suede gloves just has that kind of
like in two years glamour you know what
you wear sets the tone for entire
evening I part Lucy underneath this sort
of white broderie anglaise sheer dress
and it just makes it something else
pretty Brigitte Bardot south of France
this delicate feeling the porcelain
vivre hood your t-shirt bra plus plus
plus that little bit of lace sticking
out the edge it's really nice I think
it's so cool bra to wear under a t-shirt
it's really an essential normally
underpinnings aren't meant to be seen
but we put it with this dr. gabbana
corset dress you see how the girl strap
is sort of being an accessory here it's
really important for the whole look it
just makes it a lot more interesting the
underwear almost becomes like an
accessory bright red strap becomes part
of a look this sort of like vampy oh la
la vixen you know it's a fake 90s
glamour that I love so much that's
that's all we do we're on photo shoots
we do storytelling this is really why I
got into fashion
you